---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did you do this past week?
In class this week we discussed the Collatz Conjecture, the project, and some ways to optimize our project to pass the HackerRank tests. Outside of class, my course schedule changed later in the week so I have a class I have only been to once and a class that I haven’t had yet. Luckily these classes are small and I have already talked to my professors so I can catch up to the rest of the class.

### What's in your way?
My biggest obstacle right now is learning Python (or at least the amount I need) to finish the Collatz project. I have only written Python once or twice before but I did not write much so I don’t know as much as I would like.

### What will you do next week?
Next week is a big week for most of the students in the class. The Engineering Expo is on Tuesday and Wednesday (I haven’t decided if I will go yet). The CNS Career Fair, which I am definitely going to, is on Thursday, the same day that the Collatz project is due. In order to relieve some of the pressure on Thursday, I plan to finish the project by Wednesday night.

### What's my experience of the class?
As far as the class and lectures go, everything has met my expectations. My main concern is about the randomly chosen groups. I understand the reasoning behind it and I am ok with working with people I don’t know. However I am concerned that our individual schedules will not be compatible with each other. For example, I have class from 8am to 9pm on Tuesdays and Thursdays, which make meeting up to work on the project difficult (if we don’t want to work late into the night) on those days. On the other hand, I may be put in a group with similar schedules, which would work out perfectly. Regardless, the work will get done so I am trying to stay optimistic.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
With the career fair coming up this week, my tip-of-the-week is to practice the questions you dread, especially non-technical questions. The question that always gets me is “What do you want to do?” or “What are you interested in?” In the past, my answer has been “I don’t know” or “I am not sure but I am open to try anything,” both of which are not helpful to you or the recruiter (or engineer). If you are like me, then I would suggest reading the answers to [this question on Quora](https://www.quora.com/How-do-you-talk-to-recruiters-at-a-CS-career-fair-when-youre-not-sure-what-youre-interested-in-yet-and-just-want-to-get-any-internship-you-can-Recruiters-often-ask-if-youre-interested-in-frontend-backend-web-mobile-and-what-your-passions-are). 
