---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week in class, we continued our discussion of databases and SQL. On Thursday, the second phase (project three) was due. Once again, we were scrambling to finish the project on time. Ultimately, we came pretty close to having the website functioning but we were unable to finish it in time.

### What's in your way?
At the end of this project, I realized I was using git incorrectly. Since my experience of git has been limited to individual or small group projects, I didn’t know how git worked in a group where multiple people are working on the same files. I also didn’t quite understand the pull request model (or the point of squashing commits) and I was not committing as often as I should. Luckily, Jesse was able to explain it to me so I understand it now. Changing how I use git is one of my bigger obstacles this week.

### What will you do next week?
I think my biggest slip up on the project was that I did not use react-router until the end. Based on the current structure of the code and how react-router works, I would like to rewrite the front end this week to make using react-router easier. Outside of this class, I have an essay due Wednesday and a project due Thursday. I also register for classes on Thursday.

### What's my experience of the class?
I’m really glad the TAs, especially Kasra, had experience with this project and had office hours this week. Kasra was able to help me when I got stuck. When he could not help me, he was able to explain the concepts to me. Thank you Kasra and the other TAs!

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week is [this tutorial](https://medium.com/@pshrmn/a-simple-react-router-v4-tutorial-7f23ff27adf) on react-router that one of my teammates shared with me. It is easier to understand than just a code example and helped me start to implement react-router.
