---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week we talked about classes (and structs) in C++ and compared them to classes in Java. We also discussed constructors, destructors, and the differences between the initialization and assignment of a variable. On a personal note, I was on time to class more than in the past few weeks. (However, I wasn’t on time to every class so I still need to improve.)

### What's in your way?
Next week is full of deadlines and exams so I have a lot to do and I need to plan my time accordingly to be successful. Since most of my classes have a major assignment or exam next week, I need to make sure I balance the amount of time I spend on each class. As with last week, I really need to work on my time management if I want to get everything done.

### What will you do next week?
As I said above, this week is really busy. In this class I have an exam on Thursday evening. Outside of this class I have another exam on Monday. I also have two projects: an application due on Wednesday and a presentation on Thursday morning.

### What's my experience of the class?
Over the past week, I’ve had a positive experience with this class. In the lectures, I was excited to learn about classes in C++. I also did better on the quizzes this week! I was glad that this week was relaxed because it opened up time for me to prepare for everything I have next week.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
By this point in the course, most people have would have decided if they like C++ or not and if they would consider a position that uses it. For those interested in using C++ in a professional position, my tip-of-the-week is a [list I found on Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/2q7oo6/a_strong_understanding_of_c/cn3ncu6/) that describes what a C++ developer should know (and the [top child comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/2q7oo6/a_strong_understanding_of_c/cn4e4r6/) expands upon this list). 
