---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did you do this past week?
In class this week we finished talking about SQL and started to talk about regular expressions. On Friday we discussed the project with the graders and defined what we needed to do and planned out the next few days. Outside of this class, I had a presentation on Tuesday, an essay due Wednesday (that I turned in late on Thursday), and a project due Thursday. I also registered for classes for next semester on Thursday. Outside of school, I finally got MY FIRST (EVER) OFFER, so I will finally have a software engineering internship this summer.

### What's in your way?
Despite getting an offer, I am still looking for jobs. I have a few weeks to decide on my offer, so I am making one last attempt at getting another internship for the summer so I know all of my options when the time comes to decide. I also have to find a design internship for the spring semester since it is required by one my classes in design.

### What will you do next week?
The fourth project (the third phase of the database project) is due Thursday. Since I had a lot of stuff due last week, I plan to spend the majority of the remaining days working on the project.

### What's my experience of the class?
I am glad we are learning about regular expressions but the syntax is really confusing and makes it hard to read.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Before this semester I never wrote a line of JavaScript so when we started the front end of the database project, I didn’t know what different tools actually did. [This article](https://medium.com/@peterxjang/modern-javascript-explained-for-dinosaurs-f695e9747b70) explains the parts and tools of modern web development and how they came to be starting from simple HTML and JavaScript.
