---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### What did you do this past week?
As the first week of the semester, syllabus week is one of the more exciting weeks but also the most uneventful. Besides going over the syllabus on Wednesday, we covered the Hello World program in C++. We also discussed the cycle length of a number. On Friday, we took the first quiz in class and explored C++ operators. Outside of class I setup Docker (which is mind-blowing), Travis CI, and this blog (more on that later).

### What's in your way?
The main problem I am facing right now is the same problem I face every semester: figuring out a balanced schedule. Throughout college I have found that I perform better if I plan out when I will study or eat or do extracurricular activities. I also feel like I am getting sick, so I hope I can either stop myself from getting sicker or minimize its impact.

### What will you do next week?
While I don’t know what we will do in class next week, I plan to practice C++ on my own next week. I would also like to spread out the readings instead of doing them all at once. (I also might take a better head shot picture.)

### What's my experience of the class?
So far my experience in the class has been everything that I would expect in a CS class. Although it was outside of anyone’s control, the fact that the projector did not work both days was annoying and distracting. The first quiz did not go as well as I would have hoped but I know how to do better in the future. I plan to review the material from the previous class right before the next class to refresh my memory. I also plan to pay attention to more details that I may have missed.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week is the tool I used to make this website: [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com) with [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com). Based on [this article](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/08/build-blog-jekyll-github-pages/) I found on an older version of Professor Downing’s website, I forked the [Jekyll Now](https://github.com/barryclark/jekyll-now) repository to create this blog. Since I already know Markdown (and prefer it to HTML), Jekyll made hosting a site on GitHub easy.
