---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week in class we started to work at a regular pace for the semester. The first project, Collatz, was introduced and discussed. We also explored how to test our code with unit tests and acceptance tests. Furthermore, we analyzed the coverage of tests to ensure we wrote strong test cases. Outside of class I worked on the project and calculated important values to store in the meta-cache.

### What's in your way?
Procrastination was the biggest obstacle in my way this past week. While I expect a little bit of procrastination (because I know I am not perfect), I procrastinated more this week because I was not ready for classes to be in full swing.

### What will you do next week?
Next week I plan to tackle my procrastination. The Collatz project is due Thursday but I plan to finish it Wednesday. By finishing the project Wednesday, I plan to use the remaining time to double check the workflow and the project's requirements. I also plan to write next week’s blog post earlier, such as Friday after class. By writing the post earlier I expect to remember more of what I did during the week. I would also like to avoid working on it at the last minute on Sunday.

### What's my experience of the class?
This week I was more satisfied with the class. I performed better on the quizzes, especially since I have started reviewing before class. While I thought the lectures went well this week, outside of class I thought starting the project was daunting. My uneasiness is derived from two sources. First, while the project workflow seemed straightforward, I thought it had a lot of room for error. Second, people who took this class before said that it is easy to lose points on technical details, even if the project works correctly.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week is [Atom](https://atom.io), an open-source text editor by GitHub. In my experience, Atom is similar to [Sublime Text](https://www.sublimetext.com). Both editors are customizable and have add-ons but I prefer the content Atom’s community produces. Atom’s default build also supports things I use such as Git and Markdown. Depending on what you want, Atom can be a barebones text editor or a flexible tool for power users.
