---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week in class, I tried to focus on the quizzes for class, and I did a lot better. On Monday, Kasra presented React.js to the class and what we need to do for project 3, the second phase of our database project. There was also a tech talk by Atlassian about how they implemented Stride, one of their newer products, on Monday evening. In class we talked about iterators and how they affect structures and functions. Outside of class, I had a non-technical interview with ExxonMobil on Tuesday, and I thought it went well.

### What's in your way?
I would like to keep up with preparing for the quizzes. I think the biggest thing I need to accomplish for this class is getting more practice writing Python, especially with everything we have covered in class.

### What will you do next week?
Next week, we have the first exam on Thursday. I also have another exam on Wednesday, but I am more concerned about this exam. My group also needs to work on the third project next week, because we weren’t able to properly start the project since we had people missing and everyone was busy.

### What's my experience of the class?
I am concerned about the exam on Thursday because I am not sure what to expect from the HackerRank questions. When I took OOP last semester, the exams were all multiple-choice questions, so I don’t have a good estimate of how hard the coding questions will be. I have had coding questions in other classes, but they were always on paper and mainly focused on the algorithm or process rather than the language, so minor syntax errors were typically not an issue. So for this exam, I need to study the parts of python that we studied in class really well so minor things do not mess me up.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week is [this article](https://rushter.com/blog/python-garbage-collector/) that describes garbage collection in Python. Python automatically creates and deletes memory for you, but knowing how Python keeps track of the memory you use and when it collects the garbage, you can write code that is more optimized (and easy for the garbage collector to keep track of).
